This is a penny about
and again on lakeside I bruce
the heroes of stalingrad the crumpled card is hidden
true here are building concrete buildings who we
the boy grew up and we are so full of smoke
sweet together in the same place
on s10 or 200 us cast number 11 august
we water a seed to grow a bush and
then blown up by all fans of truth
embankment dictator where all your friend
I call brother is not there women on prada
father does not rule card on speed will unite
broken by the beats of august in graz smell
wet asphalt and offend once sect
August dihydrate to hail smell wet
Asphalt I'm a fagot glad everyone and we will meet
dawn
and you show me your artists u
sounds like mister show dick you're here
no surprise this trail injury and
spazdil this text and deceived all of you
stuck but swear him wrong in the summer
salvation pizdato rolled on cities insid
panda kung fu and ta that ta that of your ip we
can't take you to rap.ru
and we will take you there you will be zara
you read at the bottom we read skoda 1
there will be a new wave there will be a dick job but
are you going to blow the sprat party I am out of Crimea
on the last belt for quite hot and in
beckons with lights and you will not understand tactless
and budget or realizing that one 100 will
don't go on your chest and on the carousel this
swirl penny is not blunt at the entrance but
will be a grandson a set of him not a concert can
return the girl to the cabo de aa i'm mad
it seems like you don’t have bluetooth batteries
it will generally end up with a penny thunder
sweetie leggings leg
barrels and lanning think go about
shops or water with red bul
feet in front of the store Maxik suit
entry knocks mutons article I